minor fixes from Alex, in versioning doc (#304)
temporalio/documentation: docs/server-versions-dependencies.md

Temporal offers official support for, and is tested against, dependencies with the exact versions described below.

### Go Packages

| Temporal version | Go packages |
|------------------|-------------|
| [1.5.1](https://github.com/temporalio/temporal/tree/v1.5.1) | [go.mod](https://github.com/temporalio/temporal/blob/v1.5.1/go.mod) |
| [1.4.2](https://github.com/temporalio/temporal/tree/v1.4.2) | [go.mod](https://github.com/temporalio/temporal/blob/v1.4.2/go.mod) |
| [1.3.2](https://github.com/temporalio/temporal/tree/v1.3.2) | [go.mod](https://github.com/temporalio/temporal/blob/v1.3.2/go.mod) |
| [1.2.2](https://github.com/temporalio/temporal/tree/v1.2.2) | [go.mod](https://github.com/temporalio/temporal/blob/v1.2.2/go.mod) |
| [1.1.1](https://github.com/temporalio/temporal/tree/v1.1.1) | [go.mod](https://github.com/temporalio/temporal/blob/v1.1.1/go.mod) |
| [1.0.0](https://github.com/temporalio/temporal/tree/v1.0.0) | [go.mod](https://github.com/temporalio/temporal/blob/v1.0.0/go.mod) |

> 

Reviewer: Per Alex & Wenquan - we could update this to just say something like:

"Temporal offers official support for, and is tested against, dependencies with the exact versions described in the `go.mod` file of corresponding release tag."

Author: done

> ### Persistence

Reviewer: @wxing1292 mentioned this might be useful as he has had to help users with incorrect go dependencies.

I am open to removing it though if we don't think it is helpful.

Temporal has built-in Workflow search functionality.
To enhance this feature, Temporal supports an [integration with Elasticsearch](/docs/server-elasticsearch-setup).

- **Elasticsearch**
	- Elasticsearch v7.7 is supported from Temporal version 1.7.0 onwards
	- Elasticsearch v6.8 is supported in all Temporal versions

> 	- Both versions are explicitly supported with AWS Elasticsearch

Reviewer: lgtm 👍

### Multi-cluster replication

> This is an experimental feature, most Temporal users do not need this. You should be on the latest Temporal version (v1.7+) to use this. Requires the use of event streaming software. See the note on event streaming dependency below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is an experimental feature, most Temporal users do not need this.
You should be on the latest Temporal version (v1.7+) to use this. 
Some Server versions require the use of event streaming software.
See the note on event streaming dependency below.
```

- **Zookeeper v3.4.6**

> 

Author: kafka was removed in v1.4, which is no longer supported by us per our own versioning policy

Reviewer: So we no longer support versions that supported Kafka?

Author: aye

Reviewer: Cool - then let's remove it from above as well? (Elasticsearch section).

Author: no the removal was only for the multi cluster replication feature, kafka is still valid for visibility as of  v1.5.4
